>> Brian: So this is a bare bones action.
Bare bones action creator.
Now we have to go make reducers know what
to do with the SET_SEARCH_TERM action.
Let's go back to reducers.js, okay.
We're gonna need an import
here at the top.
Import
>> Brian: From ./actions, okay.
Now we need a case,
sense search term,
colon, return.
>> Brian: Let's see,
>> Brian: Yeah, setSearchTerm,
which is a reducer that we're about
to create, with state and action.
So this is what I was talking about
when we're dispatching to another
Reducer, right?
So setSearchTerm is gonna be the exact
same contract as rootReducer, but
it's only going to handle this
particular type of action.
So we're gonna pass this same state
that we got up here from rootReducer,
and the same action.
And then we're going to let it,
it being setSearchTerm,
handle the reduction, right?
And then it's going to return the result
of that, which is going to be the new
state, which is going to be
the state that we end up with.
>> Speaker 2: You just flip back to
actions just for a quick second?
>> Brian: Actions?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian: Yeah it's literally just that.
>> Brian: Okay, back to Reducers.
Now we need to go create
this method right here.
>> Brian: So we're going to
create another function called,
const setSearchTerm,
>> Brian: = (state,
action)
>> Brian: Okay,
const newState equals empty objects.
>> Brian: We're gonna do
Object.assign newState, state
>> Brian: searchTerm:action.searchTerm.
return newState.
>> Brian: You'll find many reducers end
up looking very very similar to this.
>> Speaker 2: Just a question, why did
you create the intermediate variable?
>> Brian: The new state?
>> Speaker 2: Mm-hm.
>> Brian: Because of the,
how object assign works.
Object assign modifies the first one.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, but why did you create
the intermediate variable, constant?
>> Brian: So why don't I just
modify state and return state?
>> Speaker 2: No, why don't you just
put the empty object in new state and
return from object?
>> Brian: Why don't I
put searchTerm in here?
Okay, so, are you saying why
don't I put searchTerm here?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: No, why do you need
the constant called newState.
You can return directly from object.
>> Speaker 3: I think he's saying if you
replace on line 9 newState with the empty
braces and then return from there.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, and then change
newState in that same line, line nine.
Return newState, wait, excuse me,
replace that with an empty object.
>> Brian: What is a return of Object and
assign, that's my question.
It might work.
>> Brian: What is this?
>> Speaker 3: We thought
it was a [INAUDIBLE].
>> Speaker 2: Century Link.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 2: No,
I think you got someone else's.
>> Speaker 3: No, no, it's.
Yeah, it's just been default [CROSSTALK].
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian: Yeah, that's cool.
>> Speaker 3: Time to buy
the domain Object.assign.
>> Brian: Right?
>> Speaker 2: Man.
Seriously.
>> Speaker 3: Someone get on that.
>> Speaker 2: So anyway,
it's supposed to return whatever
the target was you sent in after the.
>> Brian: Okay, fair enough.
>> Speaker 3: Just point
it the [INAUDIBLE] docs.
>> Speaker 2: Anyway, I thought you may
have a research on that, if it's just,
cuz that's your style
on that kind of thing.
>> Brian: That's very cool.
That's my style.
[CROSSTALK] I'm sorry to- No problem.
>> Speaker 2: Have caused trouble.
>> Brian: Only that way,
cuz that's the way it is my notes.
So anyway, this is a very
common way of doing a Reducer.
We take newState,
which is gonna be a brand new object.
And we're gonna assign everything
that state had previously
cuz we don't wanna override other things.
Cuz there might be tons
of other state in here.
We don't wanna blow away
everyone else's state.
We just wanna modify our little piece of
it, and then return the new object, right.
And then this part, the only thing that
we wanna overwrite inside of state is
the search term, so
that's why you had that last one.
So if you're not familiar with how object
to assign works, It's basically going to
take everything in the first subject,
right, so that just already exists.
It's going to take everything that's
inside of this second object.
So, if this had searchTerm and
a bunch of other particular state,
it's going to merge all
that into newState, right?
And then it's going to take
everything in this object, and
merge that into this, right?
>> Brian: So if newState and
state both have SearchTerms in them,
the one that's going to quote on quote
survive is going to be this one, right?
Cuz that's the one
the furthest to the right.
>> Brian: Does that make sense?
Object at a sign,
I believe is in, is it ES6?
I think it is an ES6,
I guess I have the docs up don't it?
>> Speaker 2: Sorry,
the object of sine, I believe is eight?
2015?
>> Brian: Yes, yeah it came with ES6,
so it is a new spec.
>> Speaker 2: Question, or
request I'm a little lost with the flow
of files that we've created for
the reducer, can you summarize?
>> Brian: The flow files?
Just like the flow of how-
>> Speaker 2: I think just the process of
creating them all.
>> Brian: Sure.
I haven't fully closed the loop yet, so
if it's still not exactly apparent,
the loop has not yet been closed.
So I guess let's finish let's
close the loop and then we'll
walk through literally line by line of the
code and figure our how everything moves.
And then after that we'll
take out lunch break.
Okay, so.
>> Brian: Yeah, let's focus here just
a second on the reducer just a little
bit more.
So again, this doesn't modify
any external state, right?
So, one of the big keys to
reducers is that they don't,
they reliably, given the same state and
given the same action,
it performs the same operation
100 times out of 100.
So it needs to be stateless in that sense.
It needs to be pure,
it needs to have no side effects.
However you want to refer to that,
that's what a reducer must be.
Furthermore, it's imperative that you
don't actually just modify state and
return state.
The way that Redux tells that
if it has a modification is,
it does a shallow comparison on
state versus the old state, right?
So if I return the same state, it's gonna
say, okay, you returned the same state,
I'm not gonna notify my
subscribers that anything changed.
So in other words, React will never know.
The only way that Redux informs
React that something changed
is if it gets a new state,
a different object.
So in this particular case newState.
Does that follow?
Does that make sense?
So you must return a new object and
you must not modify the old object.
It makes sense?
So, that's the anatomy of a reducer.
Some of them can get a little bit
more complex than that, but for
the most part reducers themselves
are not terribly complicated.
>> Speaker 2: A question, can you use
the spread operator instead of a sign?
>> Brian: If you have object spread,
or the object spread operator.
So Object Spread Operator
is a part of VS 2017.
Object Spread Operator.
Yeah, Redux actually has part of that.
Spread syntax, I always trust MDN.
>> Brian: Okay, that's fine, where is it?
>> Brian: Anyway, it's not in ES 2015.
It's not in ES6, so
that's why I don't default to using it.
>> Brian: But yes,
if that is available to you and
you feel comfortable using it
by all means, it's simpler.
Or it's just less characters,
I don't wanna assert it's simpler.
>> Brian: Any questions about Reducers,
specifically
>> Brian: Does that make sense what
a Reducer is, like what it does, like
it's compact, there is not much there but
it is, there is a lot to unpack
there mentally what's going on.